hey this is Prussia Walker this is a
problem that many people cannot
correctly solve a man buys a horse for
$60 he sells the horse for $70 he then
buys the horse back for $80 and he sells
the horse again for $90 in the end how
much money did the man make or lose or
did he break even give this prom a try
and when you're ready keep watching the
video for the solution the short answer
is the man made a profit of $20 he made
$10 each of the two times he sold the
horse this is a total of $20 profit we
can also see this by tracking his net
cash position the first transaction he
buys the horse for $60 so he's out $60
this is negative $60 relative to a
starting point he sells the horse for
$70 so he then gets plus $70 which
results in a cash position of plus $10
from where he started he then buys the
horse back for $80 so he needs to spend
$80 which is negative $80 so his net
position is negative $70 he finally
sells the horse again for $90 which
means he gets $90 and the negative 70
plus 90 is equal to plus 20 in the end
he makes $20 did you figure it out
thanks for watching this video please
subscribe to my channel I make videos on
math and game theory you can catch
around my blog mind your decisions that
you can follow on Facebook Google+ and
patreon you can catch me on social media
at pressure Locker and if you liked this
video please check out my books there
are links in the video description